You movie selection and possible books you might find interesting based on your movie selection are as follows...

Title: Tomb Raider
Year: 2018

The following books are related to your movie selection. Maybe you would like to read them 

Book Title: Lara Croft
Author: Dave Stern
Description: With a priceless artifact of an ancient civilization, the key to absolute power, up for grabs, Lara Croft risks everything to keep this remarkable weapon out of the hands of the Illuminati, a top-secret cabal that is conspiring to use the artifact to control all humankind. Original. (A Paramount Pictures film, releasing June 2001, starring Angelina Jolie) (Science Fiction & Fantasy)

Book Title: Shadow of the Tomb Raider
Author: Paul Davies,Martin Dubeau
Description: Experience Lara Croft's defining moment as she becomes the Tomb Raider. In Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Lara must master a deadly jungle, overcome terrifying tombs, and persevere through her darkest hour. As she races to save the world from a Maya apocalypse, Lara will ultimately be forged into the Tomb Raider she is destined to be. The Shadow of The Tomb Raider Official Art Book features exclusive concept art and developer interviews detailing the climactic conclusion of Lara Croft's origin story where she will experience her defining moment in becoming the Tomb Raider. Game is due to release on 9/14/18 across all major platforms

Book Title: Tomb Raider Archives
Author: Dan Jurgens
Description: Volume 1 collects Tomb Raider #1-#15, originally published by Top Cow Productions between December 1999 and September 2001.

Book Title: 20 Years of Tomb Raider
Author: Meagan Marie Vanburkleo,Meagan Marie
Description: Celebrate 20 exciting years ofTomb Raiderwith this premium, hardcover tome! With stunning visuals and in-depth commentary, "20 Years of Tomb Raider"explores the ground-breaking, rich, and diverse history of this iconic gaming franchise. Including... Previously unpublished images and assets. Packed full of information on the rich lore, iconic characters, epic fan community, and, of course, the games that started it all. Over 200 Contributors, including industry insiders, writers, artists, fans, and more! Exclusive interviews from Core Design, Crystal Dynamics, official voice actors, composers, live actions models, comic artists, and others. An in-depth look at all the iconic games, with insights into unreleased titles. Covers the entirety of the Tomb Raider universe - games, comics, Hollywood movies, pop culture influences, and the community."

Book Title: Rise of the Tomb Raider
Author: Andy McVittie
Description: Featuring intricate concept art and exclusive, high quality stills, sketches and renders detailing the game's production, Rise of the Tomb Raider: The Official Art Book is an essential purchase for fans of the franchise. From Lara's survival tools to the wild animals she encounters in the harsh environment, this in-depth, all-access book offers gamers a look into the visual dexterity of Rise of the Tomb Raider.

Book Title: Tomb Raider Volume 2 (2017)
Author: Mariko Tamaki
Description: Following the events of Rise of the Tomb Raider, Lara Croft's life hasn't gotten any easier! When Lara gets word that Sam Nishimura has escaped from a mental hospital, she drops everything to help her friend. But after an encounter with the Order of Trinity, she realizes that things are more complicated than she thought. Haunted by her memories of Yamati, Lara is determined to rescue her friend. But the specter of Himiko the Sun Queen looms large in Sam's life, and threatens to consume her completely! Collecting the entire second arc of the Tomb Raider comic series, issues #7-#12! Written by Eisner Award-winning author Mariko Tamaki

Book Title: Tomb Raider Volume 1 : Season of the Witch
Author: Gail Simone
Description: Superstar writer Gail Simone picks up Lara Croft's story where the smash hit Tomb Raider game left off in this collection of Tomb Raider #1-#6! Lara and the other survivors of the Endurance are experiencing horrific visions after their ordeal in the Lost Kingdom of Yamatai. But the visions lead to a darker fate . . . can Lara survive the calamities that await her as she struggles to piece this new mystery, and her life, back together?

Book Title: Shadow of the Tomb Raider
Author: Prima Games,Sebastian Haley,Michael Owen
Description: Go Beyond Strategy--Immerse yourself in Lara's world with this Collector's Companion Tome from Prima Games! Compelling Interviews and Look Behind the Scenes: Hear from the talented minds behind Shadow of the Tomb Raider! Includes original, hand-drawn sketches from the Puzzle Designer! Orange Shadow Band Resource Pack: With the in-game resources included in this pack, totaling four gold and eight jade, you can obtain your choice of either ammunition or healing items, aiding Lara throughout your journey! Stunning Fan Art Section: Features pieces from dedicated and talented Tomb Raider fans! Custom Sticky Notes: 30 sticky notes, featuring an iconic image from the game, available only in this Collector's Companion Tome! Bonus Comic! Includes Tomb Raider: Inferno #1 by Dark Horse Comics. Exclusive Foreword: Written by Gameplay Director, Daniel Drapeau. Premium Hardcover Book: The gorgeous, exclusive design is a must have for any fan, and features the signatures of the entire development team! Comprehensive Walkthrough: We lead the way from start to finish--experience everything! Detailed Maps: Our exclusive, custom maps reveal key locations, crucial items, and hidden secrets--never lose your way! Digital Bonus: Unlock your digital version of this guide with the free code card included inside. Access your digital guide anytime, anywhere, on any web-enabled device. Experience Lara Croft's defining moment as she becomes the Tomb Raider. In Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Lara must master a deadly jungle, overcome terrifying tombs, and persevere through her darkest hour. As she races to save the world from a Maya apocalypse, Lara will ultimately be forged into the Tomb Raider she is destined to be.

Book Title: Tomb Raider: Ten Thous Imm
Author: N,o,n,e
Description: The new Tomb Raider novel will broaden the world and enriches the storyline re-introduced in the highly successful Tomb Raider video game. The first novel in a trilogy will continue the exploration of Lara Croft's origins as the "Tomb Raider," featuring an entirely new, fast-paced adventure.

Book Title: Tomb Raider Library Edition
Author: Gail Simone,Rhianna Pratchett
Description: "Lara Croft embarks on a new globetrotting adventure, discovering a dangerous organization that's threatening her friends"--
